<!-- Star Wars: Empire at War - Ïèðàòû ×åðíîãî Ñîëíöà Ìîä v2.0 (Pirates Black Sun Mod v2.0) -->

Description
Link:https://yadi.sk/d/uw7W7jAM3UAcPA

This mod opens a previously unplayable faction – Pirates.
Pirates is playable in the galactic conquest (all galaxies were remaked, and now the pirates have in all gc's), in the quick ground and space battle (bot support included.)

Manual
To play for the pirates in all game modes
1) In the menu of the map selection click on the faction selection box, and then leaves the field with fractions of “Empire” and “Rebels”.
2) Then click on the box with the left mouse button, and without releasing her twist the wheel down.
3) You can see “Pirates of the Black Sun”, then we direct the arrow on this label and release mouse button.

About pirates
All pirate units available, they include:

—Space—
Z95 Fighter
Pirate Fighter
V-Wing (fighter of times of the clones)
The patrol boat IPV-1
Pirate Frigate "Interceptor"
Class cruiser “Venator” (frigate of times of the clones)

—Ground—
The Platoon Of Pirates
Missile Squad
Marsh Glider Team
Pirate Skiff
Pirate Walker

—Structure—
Pirates Base
Pirate Asteroid Base

—Heroes—
<!--– I decided to add some heroes to the pirates, because of the huge imbalance –-->
Fleet commander Ackbar (Space character)
Assassin Boba Fett (Space and ground hero)
Bounty hunter (requires Palace Hutt)

General information
The mod should run on all versions of the game, but if there are any errors, you will have to patch the game.
I recommend the Steam version of the game.

*** UPD 07.2019: Generally, the mod is quite ancient, balance I really was not engaged, and the mod was done purely out of interest so that you are free to edit the mod as you want and upload your versions.

Used programs
Notepad
Petroglyph Editor

Gameplay tips
Pirate units are weaker than Empire and Rebel. It is better to order her more.
<!– Final version changelog –>
-Fixed bug with credits.
-Edited land maps, the pirates now also have the turbolaser, shield.
-Added AI behavior for pirates: pirates build space and ground structures and use all units.
-Edited multiplayer compaigns – added pirate heroes.
-Added new pirate characters – Jabba Hutt and Han Solo with Chewbacca
About Jabba Hutt:
-To move the galaxy uses a unique pirate cruiser, with the ability to transfer all energy to shields or weapons.
-In ground battle gives a combat bonus and resource extraction bonus. Always carries a powerful Blaster.

<!-- Î ñîõäàòåëÿõ...-->

Mod creator: Petunindan
Beta testers: Petunindan, Z@C
Ìîé ñàéò: grandbiz.ru